Update custom section logic for schemas (#925)
Concordium/concordium.github.io: source/mainnet/smart-contracts/general/contract-schema.rst

This allows Wasm modules to include a named section of bytes, which does not
affect the semantics of running the Wasm module.

The module can contain a schema in one of two different custom sections. This collection is a list of pairs, containing the name of the contract encoded

> in UTF-8 and the contract schema bytes. The section 'concordium-schema' is the most common and is what the current tooling produces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in UTF-8 and the contract schema bytes. The section ``concordium-schema`` is the most common and is what the current tooling produces.
```

The supported sections depend on the module version. The schema version can be either defined by the section name or embedded into the actual schema:

> - Both 'V0' and 'V1' modules support the section 'concordium-schema' where the schema includes the version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Both 'V0' and 'V1' modules support the section ``concordium-schema`` where the schema includes the version.
```

   - For 'V0' modules this is always a 'V0' schema.
   - For 'V1' modules this can be a 'V1', 'V2', or 'V3' schema.

> - 'V0' modules additionally support section 'concordium-schema-v1' which always contain a 'V0' schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 'V0' modules additionally support section ``concordium-schema-v1`` which always contain a 'V0' schema.
```

> - 'V1' modules additionally support section 'concordium-schema-v2' which always contain a 'V1' schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 'V1' modules additionally support section ``concordium-schema-v2`` which always contain a 'V1' schema.
```
